then Solomon determined to build a
then Solomon determined to build a temple for the name of the Lord and a
temple for the name of the Lord and a
temple for the name of the Lord and a royal house for himself
royal house for himself
royal house for himself Solomon selected seventy thousand men to
Solomon selected seventy thousand men to
Solomon selected seventy thousand men to bear burdens eighty thousand to quarry
bear burdens eighty thousand to quarry
bear burdens eighty thousand to quarry stone in the mountains and three
stone in the mountains and three
stone in the mountains and three thousand six hundred to oversee them
thousand six hundred to oversee them
thousand six hundred to oversee them then Solomon sent to Hiram king of Tyre
then Solomon sent to Hiram king of Tyre
then Solomon sent to Hiram king of Tyre as you have dealt with David my father
as you have dealt with David my father
as you have dealt with David my father and sent him Cedars to build himself a
and sent him Cedars to build himself a
and sent him Cedars to build himself a house to dwell in so deal with me behold
house to dwell in so deal with me behold
house to dwell in so deal with me behold I am building a temple for the name of
I am building a temple for the name of
I am building a temple for the name of the Lord my God to dedicate it to him to
the Lord my God to dedicate it to him to
the Lord my God to dedicate it to him to burn before him sweet incense for the
burn before him sweet incense for the
burn before him sweet incense for the continual show bread for the burnt
continual show bread for the burnt
continual show bread for the burnt offerings morning and evening on the
offerings morning and evening on the
offerings morning and evening on the Sabbath's on the new moons and on the
Sabbath's on the new moons and on the
Sabbath's on the new moons and on the set feasts of the Lord our God this is
set feasts of the Lord our God this is
set feasts of the Lord our God this is an ordinance forever to Israel and the
an ordinance forever to Israel and the
an ordinance forever to Israel and the temple which I built will be great for
temple which I built will be great for
temple which I built will be great for our God is greater than all gods
but who is able to build him a temple
but who is able to build him a temple since heaven and the heaven of heavens
since heaven and the heaven of heavens
since heaven and the heaven of heavens cannot contain him Who am I then that I
cannot contain him Who am I then that I
cannot contain him Who am I then that I should build him a temple except to burn
should build him a temple except to burn
should build him a temple except to burn sacrifice before him therefore send me
sacrifice before him therefore send me
sacrifice before him therefore send me at once a man skillful to work in gold
at once a man skillful to work in gold
at once a man skillful to work in gold and silver in bronze and iron in purple
and silver in bronze and iron in purple
and silver in bronze and iron in purple and crimson and blue who has skilled to
and crimson and blue who has skilled to
and crimson and blue who has skilled to engrave with a skilful men who are with
engrave with a skilful men who are with
engrave with a skilful men who are with me in Judah and Jerusalem whom David my
me in Judah and Jerusalem whom David my
me in Judah and Jerusalem whom David my father provided also send me cedar and
father provided also send me cedar and
father provided also send me cedar and cypress and algum logs from Lebanon for
cypress and algum logs from Lebanon for
cypress and algum logs from Lebanon for I know that your servants have skilled
I know that your servants have skilled
I know that your servants have skilled to cut timber in Lebanon and indeed my
to cut timber in Lebanon and indeed my
to cut timber in Lebanon and indeed my servants will be with your servants to
servants will be with your servants to
servants will be with your servants to prepare timber for me in abundance for
prepare timber for me in abundance for
prepare timber for me in abundance for the temple which I am about to build
the temple which I am about to build
the temple which I am about to build shall be great and wonderful and indeed
shall be great and wonderful and indeed
shall be great and wonderful and indeed I will give to your servants the
I will give to your servants the
I will give to your servants the woodsmen who cut timber twenty thousand
woodsmen who cut timber twenty thousand
woodsmen who cut timber twenty thousand cause of ground wheat twenty thousand
cause of ground wheat twenty thousand
cause of ground wheat twenty thousand cause of barley twenty thousand baths of
cause of barley twenty thousand baths of
cause of barley twenty thousand baths of wine and twenty thousand baths of oil
wine and twenty thousand baths of oil
wine and twenty thousand baths of oil then hired and king of Tyre answered in
then hired and king of Tyre answered in
then hired and king of Tyre answered in writing which he sent to Solomon because
writing which he sent to Solomon because
writing which he sent to Solomon because the Lord loves his people he has made
the Lord loves his people he has made
the Lord loves his people he has made you king over them blessed be the Lord
you king over them blessed be the Lord
you king over them blessed be the Lord God of Israel who made heaven and earth
God of Israel who made heaven and earth
God of Israel who made heaven and earth for he has given King David a wise son
for he has given King David a wise son
for he has given King David a wise son endowed with prudence and understanding
endowed with prudence and understanding
endowed with prudence and understanding who will build a temple for the Lord and
who will build a temple for the Lord and
who will build a temple for the Lord and a royal house for himself and now I have
a royal house for himself and now I have
a royal house for himself and now I have sent a skilful man endowed with
sent a skilful man endowed with
sent a skilful man endowed with understanding Purim my master craftsman
understanding Purim my master craftsman
understanding Purim my master craftsman the son of a woman of the daughters of
the son of a woman of the daughters of
the son of a woman of the daughters of Dan and his father was a man of Tyre
Dan and his father was a man of Tyre
Dan and his father was a man of Tyre skilled to work in gold and silver
skilled to work in gold and silver
skilled to work in gold and silver bronze and iron
bronze and iron
bronze and iron and would purple and blue fine linen and
and would purple and blue fine linen and
and would purple and blue fine linen and crimson and to make any engraving and to
crimson and to make any engraving and to
crimson and to make any engraving and to accomplish any plan which may be given
accomplish any plan which may be given
accomplish any plan which may be given to him with your skillful men and with a
to him with your skillful men and with a
to him with your skillful men and with a skillful men of my lord David your
skillful men of my lord David your
skillful men of my lord David your father now therefore the wheat the
father now therefore the wheat the
father now therefore the wheat the barley the oil and the wine which my
barley the oil and the wine which my
barley the oil and the wine which my Lord has spoken of let him send to his
Lord has spoken of let him send to his
Lord has spoken of let him send to his servants and we will cut wood from
servants and we will cut wood from
servants and we will cut wood from Lebanon as much as you need we will
Lebanon as much as you need we will
Lebanon as much as you need we will bring it to you in rafts by sea to Joppa
bring it to you in rafts by sea to Joppa
bring it to you in rafts by sea to Joppa and you will carry it up to Jerusalem
and you will carry it up to Jerusalem
and you will carry it up to Jerusalem then Solomon numbered all the aliens who
then Solomon numbered all the aliens who
then Solomon numbered all the aliens who were in the land of Israel after the
were in the land of Israel after the
were in the land of Israel after the census in which David his father had
census in which David his father had
census in which David his father had numbered them and they were found to be
numbered them and they were found to be
numbered them and they were found to be 150 3600 and he made seventy thousand of
150 3600 and he made seventy thousand of
150 3600 and he made seventy thousand of them bearers of burdens eighty thousand
them bearers of burdens eighty thousand
them bearers of burdens eighty thousand stone cutters in the mountain and three
stone cutters in the mountain and three
stone cutters in the mountain and three thousand six hundred overseers to make
thousand six hundred overseers to make
thousand six hundred overseers to make the people work